Fixes #5557 - Rename standing agreement files to use full sector name (#5558)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

9. Bug - Improved display of EGPN/QL inbound standing agreement from Deancross to Talla - thanks to @hazzas-99

> 10. Enhancement - Added COPX display of 'COORD' for EGPN/QL inbounds sector sequence Talla-Galloway-Tay - thanks to @hazzas-99
> 
> # Changes from release 2024/12 to 2024/13
> 1. Enhancement - Renamed standing agreement files to use full sector name - thanks to @aidenbok203 (Aiden Bok)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Enhancement - Added COPX display of 'COORD' for EGPN/QL inbounds sector sequence Talla-Galloway-Tay - thanks to @hazzas-99
11. Enhancement - Renamed standing agreement files to use full sector name - thanks to @aidenbok203 (Aiden Bok)

```
